Now I want to show you how sets and maps play into something else referred to as an iterator.
So let's go ahead and comment out this script tag right here and then we'll go ahead and make a new
file called iterators dodge.
Yes.
Now while I'm making this I'll go ahead and talk to you a little bit about what iterators are.
So whenever we use arrays essentially typically we loop through them.
But a lot of programming languages have decided to go from using loops to using iterators.
And the reason being first whenever you use a loop you have to keep track of where you are in the loop
by initializing a variable on the other hand whenever you're using an iterator to loop through something.
Essentially that's what you're doing.
You're basically using an iterator object to programmatically return whatever is the next thing in the
collection.
So this combined with the new Array methods inside of ESX in conjunction or coupled with things like
sets and maps make E6 data processing so much easier.
And on top of that it makes things like even working with asynchronicity much much easier.
Inside of javascript.